hey guys I wanted to come on here and
show you all my night today tonight
routine this is I guess what I do with
my hair whenever it's out cuz as you all
know most of the time I hair is a
protective styles but I haven't wearing
my hair out and so I just wanted to show
you all I did kind of cheat I call my
hair out a little bit because it was
even more wealth than this and this is
what being outside for recess in the
Houston humidity will do to your hair
I'm going to start by doing the hot oil
treatment on my hair I don't do this
every single night but if I remember to
a few nights a week I'll try to do a hot
oil treatment I'm going to heat up my
extra virgin olive oil and then I'm
going to apply it to Moscow I let that
sit on my hair for 5-10 minutes and now
going to use the LACMA that i'm using a
mixture of water and aloe vera juice as
my liquid oil is going to be olive oil
and my cream of choice is Shea Moisture
scroll enhancing smoothie a spray that
had water in my hands
now I'm apply the oil finishing it off
with the Carla hansung smoothie okay
i'll just keep twisting and form a bit
to that on the last one I'm going to do
the same thing i'm going to apply the
aloe vera juice and water mixture the
olive oil and the crown handsome
smoothie
come thru set the scarf and I am ready
for it I'm not going to put anything on
my hands because i use the luck methods
/ hair it is extremely moisturized right
now
product today are pretty much gets
frizzy every day because of the weather
so I'm not trying to fight any phrase
I'm okay with my hair need a bigger
throughout today I'm just going to use
my fingers to kind of lift a little bit
at the roofs here's my hair at the end
of the night so tonight I'm going to do
it bright out on my hair I'm not going
to show you step by step because it's
exactly like what I did before except
i'm doing corals instead of black toast